tibi compacted
cut the ballot box the hurricane now wants
be mayor
I cutzarida how are you
to head of government of the city of
Buenos Aires
Call me from adolfo's office if you
says power and money now there are some
pay evo pays good and tells me
you do not have to be a genius to
administer you are administering the
public goods
you do not have to be a genius to
administer you are administering the
public goods I want to leave well in
Of course, cutting the ball is a request for
Justice
is a request from prosecutors to the
judges to the rulers I will not give you
the solutions of how the
creek
It also pretends surely that if I
I dedicate to this and I think I'm going to have it
almost last on my list look I do not
obviously I'm not a technician
obviously I know that I run against
Thoroughbred horse I know a horse
Creole dress as you saw but what
only one that asked me to return the horse
perspired that is going to be the strongest
yours and you go through the neighborhoods are in
contraction if I'm a stray dog
I'm going to go out to dry, which is the place
where I feel most comfortable
to the idol market brass and lists the
painful goal of bastia asaja already in the
second time minute 6 strong shot of
adrián bastía
Oh
de rafaela pulled and zaha take off fast
from the arch adrián bastía symbolist
with the archer and said everything asaja
castilla this comes from before I do not know
let's say the lips
no no no no
not only when winning
in football it happens the same as I have
great care
yes no picard and keeps itching friends
about alicardi I already said to me I did not
It seems that the extra-soccer thing is a
impediment if they ask me if that
type of exposure is to my liking or not
obviously not to my liking but not
I do not rule it out at all
can not miss my inter the order of
live rock
provoke
the wrath
place
tell me who praises you that endorsed lowell
justicialista drinking from mauri indicated
the band in the justicialismo but without
However, his bench did not support the
nationalization of the arts jp and
pepperoni argentinas prepaid law
assisted fertilization because
exactly we are not we are not of
agreement with the bad implementations
what they have done in each case is a
absolute contradiction between defending the
justicialistas flag and these votes is
we have social justice the equity of
equal opportunity does not pass through
Abuses and confiscation is a slogan
this the justicialismo
because a reunion of the 90 was with
macri nearby did not see it
for health care do not like it
more than an old friend I was happy
much the support that Reutemann is
giving cordial macri which he liked
that but because I think macri has the
best team
It has also shown very good capacity
of management
I see how macri's advantage is that the
team that you have is a team of people
very capable to remove the withholdings of
Mauricio to be president in writing
in writing and how will you finance the
universal assignment for example without
those income
administering well does not mean adjustment
of your administration to reduce spending
well what we have to do is
lower costs lower costs and
wages at a cost plus and wages
they are a cost more registering well not
means adjustment is administration
reduce the expense while being well